README.md, before:

# The Lost Mages

## Summary
The player is the leader in a group of mages. In a world filled of monsters, bandits and other harmful enemies. The player and the group of mages form defenses to protect themselves. After finding a huge pool of mana, the mages decided to settle there. A risky spot as mana is a valuable target for many enemies, but this spots allows the mages to use the mana to cast spells and build buildings. When the player dies they would be reincarnated as a new mage. Gaining some of the powers and status of the previous mage while gaining new powers. The player must use the reincarnated mage to countine where the previous mage left off, but during that time many of the buildings would have been destroyed or turned into ruins.

## Philosophical
'The Lost Mage' is a mix of a resource managment, city builder, spell casting shooter and rouge-like. The game is planned to run on any system that the technology (Unity 3D) would export to and can have a good control scheme (controler, gamepad, keyboard/mouse).

## What is the game?
A game where the player builds their own city while battling enemies.

## Why create this game?
This game is going to be the first game created by the brand Computing Fun. This would be used as a training lesson for the brand and games to come after. This game would also be used to get the brand out there and produce funds for future games.

## Where does the game take place?
In a forest and mountain terrain

## What do I control?
The mage leader commands what gets built in the city. The other mages will pick what to do themselves base on the task the player creates.

## How many characters do I control?
One directly (the main character)

## What is the main focus?
Surive by building and defending the created city while fighting off monsters 

## What’s different?
Separately, city builders and rouge-like reincarnation games are common but are less common together.

Commit message:

Update README.md Add controls and buildings

README.md, after:

# The Lost Mages

## Controls
Controls are made for Gamepad like controls but will support Keyboard/Mouse.
The support for Keyboard/Mouse will be limited and not recommended.
- Walk - Left Stick (WASD)
- Run - Left Stick while holding Left Trigger (WASD while holding Left Shift)
- Camera Zoom - D-Pad Up/Down (Mouse Scroll Up/Down)
- Use Ability - Right Trigger (Left Mouse Button)
- Aim Ability - Right Stick (Mouse Move)
- Select Ability - North [Y] / East [B] / South [A] / West [X] (1/2/3/4)
- Build Menu - Right Shoulder (Right Mouse Button)
- While in Build Menu - Aim Ability will be used to select and Use Ability to pick.
- After picking a building the Build Ability will be used.

## Buildings

### Mana Tower
- This is build on top of a Mana Crystal and will collect a small amount of mana. Mana supple is unlimited but slow to collect. This opens up building range. Player will start out with a free one to act as the center of there first town. When all Mana Towers are destory the player loses the current life.

### Mana Pool
- This is build on top of Liquid Mana and will collect mana. Mana supple is limited but is faster to collect than Mana Tower. Unlike Mana Tower, Mana Pool has to be build in a building range and doesn't add to the building range. When destoyed, the player will lose mana.

### Wall
- Blocks enemies. Works well until destoryed.

### House
- A place where up to 4 NPCs can live. The upkeep cost is based on the level of all 4 NPCs combined. As NPCs level up they'll need more mana of the upkeep. NPCs with no house have a higher upkeep cost than the same NPC with a house. Empty houses has a small upkeep cost.

## Summary
The player is the leader in a group of mages. In a world filled of monsters, bandits and other harmful enemies. The player and the group of mages form defenses to protect themselves. After finding a huge pool of mana, the mages decided to settle there. A risky spot as mana is a valuable target for many enemies, but this spots allows the mages to use the mana to cast spells and build buildings. When the player dies they would be reincarnated as a new mage. Gaining some of the powers and status of the previous mage while gaining new powers. The player must use the reincarnated mage to countine where the previous mage left off, but during that time many of the buildings would have been destroyed or turned into ruins.

## Philosophical
'The Lost Mage' is a mix of a resource managment, city builder, spell casting shooter and rouge-like. The game is planned to run on any system that the technology (Unity 3D) would export to and can have a good control scheme (controler, gamepad, keyboard/mouse).

## What is the game?
A game where the player builds their own city while battling enemies.

## Why create this game?
This game is going to be the first game created by the brand Computing Fun. This would be used as a training lesson for the brand and games to come after. This game would also be used to get the brand out there and produce funds for future games.

## Where does the game take place?
In a forest and mountain terrain

## What do I control?
The mage leader commands what gets built in the city. The other mages will pick what to do themselves base on the task the player creates.

## How many characters do I control?
One directly (the main character)

## What is the main focus?
Surive by building and defending the created city while fighting off monsters 

## What’s different?
Separately, city builders and rouge-like reincarnation games are common but are less common together.
